## Self Play!
- Implemented single population Self Play. Meaning both pikachus are controlled by two different agents of the same population.
Note: We've been running this for a few days with one population. Making various tweaks to adjust for the new dynamics present when both players are agents.
- 2 Population Self Play
    - This is pretty much done and ready to be ran live (and debug). Just finishing up some dashboard improvements to properly handle two different populations simultaneously.
## Parameter Tweeks:
- Reward Changes
    - Average X Speed
        - We now collect pikachus xSpeed during the agents evaluation and calculate the average every step multiplied by a scale value (currently 10).
        - You will see the score chart fluctuate in response to this updating constantly.
        - The goal of this change is to encourage movement and potential interaction with the other agent. It's a fairly open ended suggestion to pikachu as oppose to rewarding him wrt to distance to his opponent.
    - Damage Taken
        - When the pikachu is damaged, he receives a small score gain (damage taken that frame divided by 4). This damage value must be atleast 4 to be applied.
        - We also decrement the "resource*" available by the same ratio without regard for a minimum of 4 damage.
    - Damage must be over 1 to be registered due to the way the being kocked off screen causes damage and not being able to truly know who the damage came from.
    - Stock takes
        - now take the running score accumulated from damage and other events and puts it into a 'bank' that cannot be negatively influenced.
        - An additional stock take bonus is then set to the new running score. These points are not in the bank and are subject to penalty.
        - Also the pickachu is rewarded with an additional 500 resource to play with.
    - Stock Loss
        - As before stock losses end the pikachus turn.
        - A stock loss now results in the penalty: max(4, runningScore *.2)
            - 4 being the base score all agents start off with. And running score being the score not in the bank.
            - This results in either a loss of 4 points or 20% of the running score. Whichever is larger.
## Resource System
- The timer system has now been replaced with a resource system.
- Every frame costs resource.
- Every button pressed aside from the main analog stick costs resource
- Z and shoulder buttons cost 4 times the other buttons
- Each agent currently starts with 150 resource.

Note: This change was largely to address many of the shortcommings present in the timer system that became very obvious through selfplay. 